and to get a little warm, let's see
what our partner prepared
Adolfo Díaz
and
and now that
when the game is as boring as
these are slower and boring than a
Sunday in canoe will not be entrusted many
and what are you doing in which you have dinner
looking at the necks look what happens is
that the game is not boring
but we already have so much confidence
in which we are going to win and that the querétaro
can not do anything against us that
we endure the game and hopefully
bored to good that well what are you
watching mira status chavo and better he was going
to bring the homework to do it here
to the blowpipes because but not even
that's because they did not cut them anymore
Of course it was all over, no no no no
you kept not one that hook
playing like this today I'm really bored the
game yes but then he gave us all the
been occupying his little hand and fat
thank you sir, disqualification of the goals
thanks to raúl jiménez good one of the
most boring games but you can here
in the third goal like that
with images of miguel angel sanchez
for the hobby
Adolfo Díaz and he comes because it's worth
shame was too much